Docs 7209 partner manager 2 x install steps mc (#78)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/setup.adoc

=== Partner Manager related technical requirements:

> * Mule runtime 4.2.2 or higher.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY REPLACE any other variation of "Mule runtime engine" or "Mule" with one of those (only two) accepted presentations. Doing so should be muscle-memory by now :-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mule runtime engine (Mule) 4.2.2 or later
```
Not "higher": "later." See style ref.
No period.

Author: Fixed.

+

> Make sure you have the required Mule runtime capacity to handle your B2B transaction workload needs. If you are unsure about the Mule runtime capacity required to handle your B2B transactions, contact your MuleSoft account representative for assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you have the required Mule capacity to handle your B2B transaction workload needs. If you are unsure what that capacity is, contact your MuleSoft account representative for assistance.
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> * A storage solution to store the B2B transmission payloads you send or receive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A storage solution for the B2B transmission payloads you send or receive
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> Storage options can include a Database, Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage options can include a database, Amazon S3, Azure Blob Storage, and so on.
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> * Anypoint Studio 7.4 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Studio 7.4 or later
```

Author: Fixed.

IMPORTANT: The server group you setup must use the exact name: *B2BServerGroup*. This name is case sensitive.
+

> . For each environment, set up your Runtime by https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.2/runtime-installation-task[Download and Install Mule] and unzipping it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For each environment, set up your Mule instance by https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.2/runtime-installation-task[downloading and installing Mule] and unzipping it.
```

Author: Fixed. The second one is  the title of the doc, so won't change.

----

> . Install your license. See https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.2/installing-an-enterprise-license[Install an Enterprise License] for more information.

Reviewer: This should also be muscle memory by now: limit steps and list items to no more than one sentence.
```suggestion
. Install your license. 
See https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.2/installing-an-enterprise-license[Install an Enterprise License] for more information.
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Add the server in Runtime Manager based on the Runtime manager https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/servers-create#create-a-server[Create a Server].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the server in Runtime Manager based on the instructions in https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/servers-create#create-a-server[Create a Server].
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Start the Mule runtime and verify it is active within Anypoint Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start Mule and verify it is active within Anypoint Runtime Manager.
```

Author: Fixed.

. Include the created servers into the server group you created earlier: *B2BServerGroup*: https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/server-group-add[Add Servers to a Group]

> . Start the Mule runtime and verify it shows as 'Running' in Anypoint Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: Why do we repeat this step? This looks like a mistake.
```suggestion
. Start Mule and verify that it shows as 'Running' in Anypoint Runtime Manager.
```

Author: Content is changed.

----

. Install your license. See https://docs.mulesoft.com/mule-runtime/4.2/installing-an-enterprise-license[Install an Enterprise License] for more information.

. Add the server in Runtime Manager based on the Runtime manager https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/servers-create#create-a-server[Create a Server].

. Start the Mule runtime and verify it is active within Anypoint Runtime Manager.

. Include the created servers into the server group you created earlier: *B2BServerGroup*: https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/server-group-add[Add Servers to a Group]

> . Start the Mule runtime and verify it is active within Anypoint Runtime Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Start the Mule runtime and verify it is active within Anypoint Runtime Manager.
```
Start the Mule runtime and verify it is shown as Running in Anypoint Runtime Manager.

Author: Fixed.
